/*
    About:
        This is a master script that uses a catalog of scene items and
        allows assignment of those scene items to new groups, called
        Passes.  Each pass has its own rendered output, so an object
        can be included/excluded according to need with each pass.
        Also, each pass has an Override system, which gives the user
        the opportunity to alter properties on a per-pass basis.
        Things like surfaces, motions, object properties, etc. can
        be overridden on a per-object, per-pass basis.

    Script Logic:
        The logic is this.  There are 4 listboxes for the interface.  One
        holds a list of passes (user created).  This list grows and shrinks
        based on user input, but one pass will always exist.
        An acompanying scene items listbox holds all non-camera scene items
        for assignment in passes.  Selecting a pass in the first listbox will
        allow the user to select any combination of scene items in the second
        listbox.  Clicking on each pass will auto-select assigned scene items
        in the second listbox.
        The second tab is for overrides, and contains 2 more listboxes.  These
        listboxes reflect the overrides, and do so based on which pass is
        selected in a pass menu above the listboxes.  The selection system is
        the same as the pass system, but this one changes based on what pass
        is selected, and there don't have to be overrides.
        
    Render Logic:
        On render, the script takes the pass selected in the pulldown menu,
        gets the item assignments, and writes out a new scene file to a
        location specified in the preferences.  This is a render only scene
        and is never to be loaded by the user.  I will likely have it deleted
        when I'm finished.  No filenames are specified directly.  The names of
        the render come from the pass name, the user specified prefix, and the
        user field.  Appropriate directories are created using this information.
        
    Files in this setup:
        I've tried to name the files appropriate to the functions located in them.
        A fair bit of scene parsing happens, so I've put that in the scene parse
        subfunctions script.  Additional sub-interfaces have been put in the interface
        subfunction, and so on.
        
        
    Multi-dimensional array hack:
        This is my way of allowing 3 dimensional arrays in lscript, and it's specific to
        the override assignments.  I use 2 dimensional arrays, with strings in each element.
        Each string is parseable to reveal a third dimension of elements (separated by the
        double pipe symbol "||").
        
    Hacky Saving:
        Builds of LW earlier than 1281 had problems with arrays of more than 99 items. The original Passport offered
        a hacky saving mode. I've now removed it and blocked operation on LW prior to 9.3.
*/